doc: add release notes for 1.6.0 (#4966)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-1.6.0.rst

.. _ncs_release_notes_160:

Changes in |NCS| v1.6.0
#######################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

|NCS| delivers reference software and supporting libraries for developing low-power wireless applications with Nordic Semiconductor products.
It includes the TF-M, MCUboot and the Zephyr RTOS open source projects, which are continuously integrated and re-distributed with the SDK.

The |NCS| is where you begin building low-power wireless applications with Nordic Semiconductor nRF52, nRF53, and nRF91 Series devices.
nRF53 Series devices are now supported for production.

> Wireless protocol stacks and libraries may indicate support for development or support for production for different series of devices based on verification and certification status. See the release notes and documentation for those protocols and libraries for further information.

Reviewer: - Move the second sentence to a new line.
- If I recall, there were talks about what "production" and "development" actually mean. Not sure there was any consensus, but shouldn't we explain here briefly what these terms mean?

Author: Production and development terminology is under discussion but we do not change anything for this release.

Highlights
**********

* Added production support for nRF5340 for Bluetooth LE in single protocol configuration and in multiprotocol operation with Thread for Bluetooth Peripheral role.
* Added production support for multiple advertising sets to SoftDevice Controller.
* Added features available in Trusted Firmware-M (TF-M) which is supported for development with nRF5340 and nRF9160.

> * Integrated Apple Find My supported for production.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Integrated Apple Find My, supported for production.
```
or
```suggestion
* Added production support for Apple Find My.
```

> * Integrated Pelion cloud client supported for development for LTE-M/NB-IoT and Thread.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added development support for the Pelion Device Management library for LTE-M/NB-IoT and Thread.
```
@pdunaj to confirm the suggestion.

Author: leaving this as is

> * Edge Impulse Machine Learning has been further integrated with an Application example available for Thingy:52.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added the :ref:`nrf_machine_learning_app` application for Thingy:52, which further integrates Edge Impulse Machine Learning with the |NCS|.
```
@pdunaj to confirm suggestion.

Author: changed

> * Added complete support for Thread 1.2 mandatory features for routers and end devices supported for development for the nRF52 family.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added complete support for Thread 1.2 mandatory features for routers and end devices supported for development for the nRF52 Series family.
```

What does `supported for development` refer to here, @edmont ? "complete support" as in previous bullet points or "routers and end devices", as the context would suggest?

Reviewer 2: Maybe like this is better explained:
> Added support for all Thread 1.2 mandatory features...

  * :ref:`aws_fota_sample` sample:

    * Removed nRF Connect for Cloud support code, because ``fota_v1`` is no longer supported in nRF Connect for Cloud.
    * Removed provisioning using :ref:`modem_key_mgmt` and :file:`certificates.h`, because this is not the recommended way of provisioning private certificates.
    * Renamed the following Kconfig options:

      * ``CONFIG_CLOUD_CERT_SEC_TAG`` renamed to :option:`CONFIG_CERT_SEC_TAG`.
      * ``CONFIG_USE_CLOUD_CLIENT_ID`` renamed to :option:`CONFIG_USE_CUSTOM_CLIENT_ID`.
      * ``CONFIG_CLOUD_CLIENT_ID`` renamed to ``CONFIG_CLIENT_ID``.
      * ``CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD_CLIENT_ID_PREFIX`` renamed to ``CONFIG_CLIENT_ID_PREFIX``.

  * :ref:`lib_aws_fota` library:

    * Updated internal state handling and fault tolerance.

  * :ref:`sms_readme` updated to enable sending of sms and decoding of received SMS payload.

  * :ref:`liblwm2m_carrier_readme` library - Updated to v0.20.1. See :ref:`liblwm2m_carrier_changelog` for details.

  * :ref:`lib_lwm2m_client_utils` created from common parts of :ref:`lwm2m_client`. This module can be reused to add common objects to LwM2M applications.

nRF5
====

Bluetooth LE
------------

> * Added:

Author: From #4956  @KAGA164  please check

* Updated:

  * :ref:`shell_bt_nus` sample - Fixed an issue where shell transport did not display the initial shell prompt ``uart:~$`` on the remote terminal.

Matter (Project CHIP)
---------------------

* Project CHIP has been officially renamed to `Matter`_.
* Added:

  * New user guide about :ref:`ug_matter_configuring`.

* Updated:

  * Renamed occurrences of Project CHIP to Matter.

Thread
------

* Added support for the following Thread 1.2 features:

  * Domain Unicast Addresses
  * Multicast Listener Registration
  * Backbone Router (Thread Network side only)
  * Link Metrics
  * Coordinated Sampled Listening (CSL)

  Link Metrics and CSL are supported for nRF52 Series devices.

* NCP sample renamed to Co-processor, with added support for RCP architecture.

Zigbee
------

* Added the v0.9.5 version of the `ZBOSS NCP Host`_ package that includes a simple gateway application.
* Updated:

  * Reworked the :ref:`NCP sample <zigbee_ncp_sample>` to work with the simple gateway application.
  * Moved the `NCP Host documentation`_ from the `ZBOSS NCP Host`_ package to the same location as the `external ZBOSS development guide and API documentation`_.

> nRF Desktop

Author: From #4904  @pdunaj

-----------

* Fixed issues with boot reports on the USB backend.
* Adapted the application to use common modules from the :ref:`lib_caf` library.
* Fixed minor bugs.

Common
======

The following changes are relevant for all device families.

> Bluetooth mesh

Author: From #4856  @Balaklaka  @trond-snekvik

Reviewer 3: @b-gent I believe Bluetooth Mesh should go in the nRF5 section, between Bluetooth LE and Matter. It does not run on nRF91.

Author: Moved, thanks

  * Added a flag to :ref:`bt_mesh_onoff_srv_readme` to skip Default Transition Time on Generic OnOff Set (Unack) messages.
  * Fixed an issue by correcting the bindings between the Generic OnOff state and the Light OnOff state.
  * Fixed an issue by clearing the internal sum in the proportional-integral (PI) feedback regulator when entering the OFF state of the state machine.
  * Fixed an issue where :ref:`bt_mesh_lightness_srv_readme` could accidentally disable :ref:`bt_mesh_light_ctrl_srv_readme` before it was started.
  * Fixed an issue by publishing the Light Lightness Status message on startup even if the OnPowerUp state is OFF.
  * Fixed issues by publishing the Light OnOff Status when disabling and restoring the Light LC state.
  * Fixed an issue where temperature and range should be within a valid default range for the :ref:`bt_mesh_light_temp_srv_readme`.
  * Removed sensor type ``BT_MESH_SENSOR_DELTA_DISABLED`` as it is removed from specification.
  * Replaced ``struct bt_mesh_model_ack_ctx`` with ``struct bt_mesh_msg_ack_ctx`` from :ref:`zephyr:bluetooth_mesh_msg`.

Trusted Firmware-M
------------------

> * Added support for hardware-accelerated cryptography in TF-M using the Nordic Security module (nrf_security).

Author: From #4952  @oyvindronningstad

  When enabled (default), any calls to psa_crypto APIs will utilize the CryptoCell hardware on nRF9160 and nRF5340.
* Added support for using hardware unique keys (HUKs) for key derivation (``TFM_CRYPTO_ALG_HUK_DERIVATION``).
  TF-M automatically generates and stores random hardware unique keys (if not present), using the :ref:`lib_hw_unique_key` library.
* TFM_MINIMAL: Added a size-optimized configuration of TF-M which provides a minimal set of features:

  * This configuration requires 32 kB of flash and provides random number generation, SHA-256, and the platform memory read service, which is analogous to the feature set of :ref:`secure_partition_manager`.
  * The configuration is showcased in the :ref:`tfm_hello_world` sample.

> 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* The TF-M protected storage service is now using non-static labels when deriving encryption keys.
  The derivation labels are generated by combining the client id of the requesting service and the UID of the resource.
* It is now possible to run PSA tests (psa-arch-tests) and TF-M regression tests in NCS.
  The tests can be found as samples in zephyr/samples/tfm_integration.

```

Reviewer 4: @Vge0rge @ioannisg  ^

Reviewer 5: That seems great, and maybe we can add a comment regarding the nRF9160 configuration:
The TF-M protected storage on nRF9160 is now configured to use AES CCM to perform authenticated encryption/decryption.

Author: added

Crypto
------

* :ref:`crypto_samples`:

  * Added samples showcasing the usage of the Platform Security Architecture (PSA) Crypto APIs.
    The samples perform various cryptographic operations such as encryption/decryption using symmetric and asymmetric ciphers, key exchange, hashing, and random number generation.
    Both TF-M enabled targets and secure-only targets are supported.

* :ref:`lib_hw_unique_key` library:

  * New library for managing and using hardware unique keys (HUKs), building on the APIs in nrf_cc3xx_platform.
    HUKs are secret keys that are kept hidden from the application code, but which can be used by the application for deriving keys for other purposes, such as encrypting data for storing.

> Edge Impulse

Author: From #4904 @pdunaj

------------

* Added the :ref:`nrf_machine_learning_app` application that integrates the Edge Impulse wrapper library with sensor sampling.
* Sample reference to a public pre-trained model.

> Pelion

Author: From #4904 @pdunaj

------

* Added the integration of Pelion Device Management library, available as one of the external submodule repositories in the |NCS|.
  For more information, see :ref:`ug_pelion`.
* Added the :ref:`pelion_client` application that showcases the usage of Pelion Device Management library.

> Common Application Framework (CAF)

Author: From #4904 @pdunaj

----------------------------------

* Migrated some of the application modules of nRF Desktop application to :ref:`lib_caf` for reuse by other applications.

> Hardware flash write protection

Author: From #4952 @oyvindronningstad

-------------------------------

* Fixed an issue where :ref:`fprotect_readme` did not properly add protection on devices with the ACL peripheral, if multiple boot stages were using the flash write protection.

sdk-nrfxlib
-----------

See the changelog for each library in the :doc:`nrfxlib documentation <nrfxlib:README>` for additional information.

Modem library
+++++++++++++

* Updated Modem library to version 1.2.1.
  See the :ref:`nrfxlib:nrf_modem_changelog` for detailed information.
* Added a new function based GNSS API with support for new GNSS features in MFW 1.3.0.
  See :ref:`nrfxlib:gnss_interface` for more information.

  * GNSS socket API is now deprecated.

* PDN socket API is deprecated.
  The functionality has been replaced by the :ref:`pdn_readme` library.

> Crypto

Author: From #4952 @oyvindronningstad

++++++

* nrf_security:

  * Added functionality to configure and enable crypto hardware acceleration as part of the TF-M build.
  * Added configurations to enable PSA Crypto APIs in non-TF-M builds.
  * psa_eits: added a library to provide ITS APIs for using the Zephyr settings subsystem for non-volatile storage of key material.
    This library is development quality and the storage format is likely to change without backwards compatibility.

* nrf_cc3xx_platform/nrf_cc3xx_mbedcrypto:

  * Added low-level APIs for managing and using hardware unique keys located in the KMU peripheral, or flash + K_DR, when no KMU is available.
  * Added platform APIs for ``hmac_drbg``.
  * Updated the used mbed TLS version to 2.26.0 to align with upstream TF-M.
  * For full information, see :ref:`crypto_changelog_nrf_cc3xx_platform` and :ref:`crypto_changelog_nrf_cc3xx_mbedcrypto`.

nRF IEEE 802.15.4 radio driver
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

> * Added production support for nRF5340 in multiprotocol configuration (IEEE 802.15.4 and Bluetooth Peripheral Role).

Author: FRom #4963  @czeslawmakarski  please check

See the :ref:`zephyr:zephyr_2.6` Release Notes for an overview of the most important changes inherited from upstream Zephyr.

Matter (Project CHIP)
=====================

The Matter fork in the |NCS| (``sdk-connectedhomeip``) contains all commits from the upstream Matter repository up to and including ``aa96ea0365``.

The following list summarizes the most important changes inherited from the upstream Matter:

* Added:

  * Completed the persistent storage feature, which allows Matter devices to successfully communicate with each other even after reboot.
  * Added support for OpenThread's Service Registration Protocol (SRP) to enable the discovery of Matter nodes using the DNS-SD protocol.
  * Added support for Network Commissioning Cluster, used when provisioning a Matter node.
  * Enabled Message Reliability Protocol (MRP) for the User Datagram Protocol (UDP) traffic within a Matter network.
  * Added support for Operational Credentials Cluster, used to equip a Matter node with an operational certificate.

Documentation
=============

There are no entries for this section yet.

Known issues
************

Known issues are only tracked for the latest official release.

> See `known issues for nRF Connect SDK v1.5.0`_ for the list of issues valid for this release.

Reviewer 3: Not sure if this is a temporary thing to get the documentation building, but in case it isn't:

```suggestion
See `known issues for nRF Connect SDK v1.6.0`_ for the list of issues valid for this release.
```

Author: Yes, that will be fixed

.. _ncs_release_notes_160:

Changes in |NCS| v1.6.0
#######################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

|NCS| delivers reference software and supporting libraries for developing low-power wireless applications with Nordic Semiconductor products.
It includes the TF-M, MCUboot and the Zephyr RTOS open source projects, which are continuously integrated and re-distributed with the SDK.

The |NCS| is where you begin building low-power wireless applications with Nordic Semiconductor nRF52, nRF53, and nRF91 Series devices.
nRF53 Series devices are now supported for production.
Wireless protocol stacks and libraries may indicate support for development or support for production for different series of devices based on verification and certification status. See the release notes and documentation for those protocols and libraries for further information.

Highlights
**********

> * Added production support for nRF5340 for Bluetooth LE in single protocol configuration and in multiprotocol operation with Thread for Bluetooth Peripheral role.

Author: @jdstapes  @shantha-14  please check

Reviewer 6: @emidttun FYI.

Reviewer 7: @thomasstenersen / @jostn should the second part of sentence be removed. We know the root cause now.

Reviewer 6: No, keep as is. The issue is more likely to present itself in the multiprotocol configuration.

* Added production support for multiple advertising sets to SoftDevice Controller.
* Added features available in Trusted Firmware-M (TF-M) which is supported for development with nRF5340 and nRF9160.
* Integrated Apple Find My supported for production.
* Integrated Pelion cloud client supported for development for LTE-M/NB-IoT and Thread.
* Edge Impulse Machine Learning has been further integrated with an Application example available for Thingy:52.
* Added complete support for Thread 1.2 mandatory features for routers and end devices supported for development for the nRF52 family.
* Integrated more complete support for Matter (Project CHIP) which is supported for development for nRF52840 and nRF5340.
* Integrated Apple HomeKit ADK v5.3 and added development support for nRF52832 and nRF52833 for Bluetooth LE HomeKit accessories.
* Zigbee Network Co-Processor (NCP) design is now supported for production for nRF52833 and nRF52840.
* The application layer part of ZBOSS Zigbee stack is available in source code now.

> * New sample :ref:`modem_shell_application` can be used to test various connectivity features.

Author: This is a suggestion from @bjorn-tore-taraldsen

Author: accepted

Release tag
***********

The release tag for the |NCS| manifest repository (|ncs_repo|) is **v1.5.1**.
Check the :file:`west.yml` file for the corresponding tags in the project repositories.

To use this release, check out the tag in the manifest repository and run ``west update``.
See :ref:`cloning_the_repositories` for more information.

Supported modem firmware
************************

This version of the |NCS| has been tested with the following modem firmware for cellular IoT applications:

> * mfw_nrf9160_1.3.0

Author: @hani please confirm

Reviewer 8: Remove reference to specific modem version.
I suggest a line like this:
See :ref:`Modem firmware compatibility matrix` for an overview of which modem firmware versions have been tested with this version of |NCS|.

Add to nrf/links.txt:
.. _`Modem firmware compatibility matrix`: https://infocenter.nordicsemi.com/topic/comp_matrix_nrf9160/COMP/nrf9160/nrf9160_modem_fw.html

Author: changed

.. _ncs_release_notes_160:

> Changes in |NCS| v1.6.0
> #######################

Reviewer 9: Make sure to clean the changelog since the contents have been moved here. Also, the link to the changelog should be removed from doc/nrf/release_notes.rst
```suggestion
|NCS| v1.6.0 Release Notes
##########################
```

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

|NCS| delivers reference software and supporting libraries for developing low-power wireless applications with Nordic Semiconductor products.
It includes the TF-M, MCUboot and the Zephyr RTOS open source projects, which are continuously integrated and re-distributed with the SDK.

The |NCS| is where you begin building low-power wireless applications with Nordic Semiconductor nRF52, nRF53, and nRF91 Series devices.
nRF53 Series devices are now supported for production.
Wireless protocol stacks and libraries may indicate support for development or support for production for different series of devices based on verification and certification status. See the release notes and documentation for those protocols and libraries for further information.

Highlights
**********

* Added production support for nRF5340 for Bluetooth LE in single protocol configuration and in multiprotocol operation with Thread for Bluetooth Peripheral role.
* Added production support for multiple advertising sets to SoftDevice Controller.

> * Added features available in Trusted Firmware-M (TF-M) which is supported for development with nRF5340 and nRF9160.

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
* Added features available in Trusted Firmware-M (TF-M), which is supported for development with nRF5340 and nRF9160.
```

* Integrated Apple Find My supported for production.
* Integrated Pelion cloud client supported for development for LTE-M/NB-IoT and Thread.
* Edge Impulse Machine Learning has been further integrated with an Application example available for Thingy:52.
* Added complete support for Thread 1.2 mandatory features for routers and end devices supported for development for the nRF52 family.

> * Integrated more complete support for Matter (Project CHIP) which is supported for development for nRF52840 and nRF5340.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Matter (formerly Project CHIP) is now supported for development for nRF52840 and nRF5340.
```

Author: I think it was already supported for development for nRF52840 and nRF5340.

Author: I will leave as is for now, PMT will be looking at this anyway

* Integrated Apple HomeKit ADK v5.3 and added development support for nRF52832 and nRF52833 for Bluetooth LE HomeKit accessories.
* Zigbee Network Co-Processor (NCP) design is now supported for production for nRF52833 and nRF52840.

> * The application layer part of ZBOSS Zigbee stack is available in source code now.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added the application layer part of the ZBOSS Zigbee stack to source code.
```

Author: I think this changes the meaning a bit, how I understand the original sentence is that the part is now available in source code *format*, not that it is added to source code.

Reviewer: Oh, right.

* New sample :ref:`modem_shell_application` can be used to test various connectivity features.

Release tag
***********

The release tag for the |NCS| manifest repository (|ncs_repo|) is **v1.6.0**.
Check the :file:`west.yml` file for the corresponding tags in the project repositories.

To use this release, check out the tag in the manifest repository and run ``west update``.
See :ref:`cloning_the_repositories` for more information.

Supported modem firmware
************************

This version of the |NCS| has been tested with the following modem firmware for cellular IoT applications:

* mfw_nrf9160_1.3.0
* mfw_nrf9160_1.1.4

Use the latest version of the nRF Programmer app of `nRF Connect for Desktop`_ to update the modem firmware.
See `Updating the nRF9160 DK cellular modem`_ for instructions.

Changelog
*********

The following sections provide detailed lists of changes by component.

nRF9160
=======

> * Added:

Reviewer: Should we add a mention of the nRF Pelion Client application in this section, as it supports the nRF9160 DK? @pdunaj?

Reviewer 10: I have added Pelion it to "Common" section as it is both for nrf91 and nrf5x. To be honest I don't get it how this nrf5x vs nrf91 helps as most things except modem and BLE radio are common and these two could be components as any other.

Author: leaving as is

>   * :ref:`lib_modem_jwt` library, which provides an API to obtain a JSON Web Token (JWT) from the modem.  Functionality requires modem firmware v1.3.0 or higher.

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
  * :ref:`lib_modem_jwt` library:
  
     * The library provides an API to obtain a JSON Web Token (JWT) from the modem.
     * Functionality requires modem firmware v1.3.0 or higher.
```

  * :ref:`lib_modem_attest_token` library:

    * The library provides an API to get an attestation token from the modem.
    * Functionality requires modem firmware v1.3.0 or higher.

>   * :ref:`mod_memfault` module and integration on |NCS| for nRF9160-based devices.

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
  * :ref:`mod_memfault` module and integration on |NCS| for nRF9160-based devices:
```

    * Integration of Memfault SDK into |NCS|.

>   * :ref:`memfault_sample` sample implementing :ref:`mod_memfault` module and showing how to use Memfault SDK functionality in an application.

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
  * :ref:`memfault_sample` sample:
  
    * Implements :ref:`mod_memfault` module and shows how to use Memfault SDK functionality in an application.
```

>   * :ref:`modem_shell_application` enables to test various connectivity features such as link handling, TCP/IP connections, data throughput (curl and iPerf3), SMS, GNSS, FOTA and PPP.

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
  * :ref:`modem_shell_application` sample:
  
    * Enables testing of various connectivity features such as link handling, TCP/IP connections, data throughput (curl and iPerf3), SMS, GNSS, FOTA and PPP.
```

  * :ref:`lib_nrf_cloud_pgps` library:

    * The library adds P-GPS (Predicted GPS) support to the :ref:`lib_nrf_cloud` library.

>   * :ref:`sms_sample` demonstrates how you can send and receive SMS messages with your nRF9160-based device using the :ref:`sms_readme`.

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
  * :ref:`sms_sample` sample:
  
    * Demonstrates how you can send and receive SMS messages with your nRF9160-based device using the :ref:`sms_readme` library.
```

>   * :ref:`pdn_sample` demonstrates how to create and configure a Packet Data Protocol (PDP) context, activate a Packet Data Network connection, and receive events on its state and connectivity using the :ref:`pdn_readme` library.

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
  * :ref:`pdn_sample` sample:
  
    * Demonstrates how to create and configure a Packet Data Protocol (PDP) context, activate a Packet Data Network connection, and receive events on its state and connectivity using the :ref:`pdn_readme` library.
```

>   * :ref:`pdn_readme` library can be used to manage Packet Data Protocol (PDP) contexts and PDN connections.

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
  * :ref:`pdn_readme` library:
  
    * Manages Packet Data Protocol (PDP) contexts and PDN connections.
```

* Updated:

  * :ref:`lib_nrf_cloud` library:

>     * Added cellular positioning support to :ref:`lib_nrf_cloud_cell_pos`.
>     * Added Kconfig option :option:`CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD_CELL_POS` to obtain cell-based location from nRF Cloud instead of using the modem's GPS.

Reviewer 9: This could be moved to 'Added' section: 

```suggestion
 *  :ref:`lib_nrf_cloud_cell_pos` library: 
    * Added cellular positioning support to :ref:`lib_nrf_cloud` library.
    * Added Kconfig option :option:`CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD_CELL_POS` to obtain cell-based location from nRF Cloud instead of using the modem's GPS.
```

Author: I will leave as is. The Added section contains only completely new libs and samples.

>     * Added function :c:func:`nrf_cloud_modem_fota_completed` which is to be called by the application after it re-initializes the modem (instead of rebooting) after a modem FOTA update.

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
    * Added function :c:func:`nrf_cloud_modem_fota_completed`, which is to be called by the application after it re-initializes the modem (instead of rebooting) after a modem FOTA update.
```

  * :ref:`lib_fota_download` library:

    * Added an API to retrieve the image type that is being downloaded.
    * Added an API to cancel current downloading.
    * Added an API to validate FOTA image type before starting installation.

  * :ref:`lib_ftp_client` library:

    * Support subset of RFC959 FTP commands only.
    * Added support of STOU and APPE (besides STOR) for "put".
    * Added detection of socket errors, report with proprietary reply message.
    * Increased FTP payload size from NET_IPV4_MTU(576) to MSS as defined on modem side (708).
    * Added polling "226 Transfer complete" after data channel TX/RX, with a configurable timeout of 60 seconds.
    * Ignored the reply code of "UTF8 ON" command as some FTP server returns abnormal reply.

  * :ref:`at_params_readme` library:

    * Added function :c:func:`at_params_int64_get` that allows for getting of AT param list entries containing signed 64 bit integers.

  * :ref:`lte_lc_readme` library:

    * Added support for %XT3412 AT command notifications, which allows the application to get prewarnings before Tracking Area Updates.
    * Added support for neighbor cell measurements.

>     * Added support for %XMODEMSLEEP AT command notifications which allows the application to get notifications related to modem sleep.

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
    * Added support for %XMODEMSLEEP AT command notifications, which allows the application to get notifications related to modem sleep.
```

    * Added support for %CONEVAL AT command that can be used to evaluate the LTE radio signal state in a cell prior to data transmission.

  * :ref:`serial_lte_modem` application:

    * Fixed TCP/UDP port range issue (0~65535).
    * Added AT#XSLEEP=2 to power off UART interface.
    * Added support for the ``verbose``, ``uput``, ``mput`` commands and data mode to the FTP service.
    * Added URC (unsolicited response code) to the FOTA service.
    * Enabled all SLM services by default.
    * Updated the HTTP client service code to handle chunked HTTP responses.
    * Added data mode to the MQTT Publish service to support JSON-type payload.
    * Added SMS support, to send/receive SMS in plain text.

>   * :ref:`at_cmd_parser_readme`:

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
  * :ref:`at_cmd_parser_readme` library:
```

    * Added support for parsing parameters of type unsigned int or unsigned short.

  * :ref:`lib_spm` library:

    * Added support for the nRF9160 pulse-density modulation (PDM) and inter-IC sound (I2S) peripherals in non-secure applications.
    * Fixed an issue where SPM and the application could have incompatible FPU configurations, resulting in a HardFault.
      Now, the application is free to use FPU regardless of SPM configuration.

>   * :ref:`gps_api`:

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
  * :ref:`gps_api` interface:
```

    * Renamed gps_agps_request() to gps_agps_request_send().

  * :ref:`agps_sample` sample:

    * Added optional P-GPS support.
    * Added :file:`overlay-pgps.conf` to enable P-GPS support.
    * Added :file:`overlay-agps-pgps.conf` to enable A-GPS and P-GPS support.

  * :ref:`aws_fota_sample` sample:

>     * Removed nRF Connect for Cloud support code, because ``fota_v1`` is no longer supported in nRF Connect for Cloud.

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
    * Removed nRF Cloud support code, because ``fota_v1`` is no longer supported in nRF Cloud.
```

    * Removed provisioning using :ref:`modem_key_mgmt` and :file:`certificates.h`, because this is not the recommended way of provisioning private certificates.
    * Renamed the following Kconfig options:

      * ``CONFIG_CLOUD_CERT_SEC_TAG`` renamed to :option:`CONFIG_CERT_SEC_TAG`.
      * ``CONFIG_USE_CLOUD_CLIENT_ID`` renamed to :option:`CONFIG_USE_CUSTOM_CLIENT_ID`.
      * ``CONFIG_CLOUD_CLIENT_ID`` renamed to ``CONFIG_CLIENT_ID``.
      * ``CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD_CLIENT_ID_PREFIX`` renamed to ``CONFIG_CLIENT_ID_PREFIX``.

  * :ref:`lib_aws_fota` library:

    * Updated internal state handling and fault tolerance.

>   * :ref:`sms_readme` updated to enable sending of sms and decoding of received SMS payload.

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
  * :ref:`sms_readme` library:
  
    * Updated to enable sending of SMS and decoding of received SMS payload.
```

>   * :ref:`liblwm2m_carrier_readme` library - Updated to v0.20.1. See :ref:`liblwm2m_carrier_changelog` for details.

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
  * :ref:`liblwm2m_carrier_readme` library:
  
     * Updated to v0.20.1. See :ref:`liblwm2m_carrier_changelog` for details.
```

>   * :ref:`lib_lwm2m_client_utils` created from common parts of :ref:`lwm2m_client`. This module can be reused to add common objects to LwM2M applications.

Reviewer 9: Could be moved to 'Added' section: 
```suggestion
  * :ref:`lib_lwm2m_client_utils` library:
  
    * Created from common parts of :ref:`lwm2m_client` sample.
    * This module can be reused to add common objects to LwM2M applications.
```

Author: moved

  * Fixed an issue by correcting the bindings between the Generic OnOff state and the Light OnOff state.
  * Fixed an issue by clearing the internal sum in the proportional-integral (PI) feedback regulator when entering the OFF state of the state machine.
  * Fixed an issue where :ref:`bt_mesh_lightness_srv_readme` could accidentally disable :ref:`bt_mesh_light_ctrl_srv_readme` before it was started.
  * Fixed an issue by publishing the Light Lightness Status message on startup even if the OnPowerUp state is OFF.
  * Fixed issues by publishing the Light OnOff Status when disabling and restoring the Light LC state.
  * Fixed an issue where temperature and range should be within a valid default range for the :ref:`bt_mesh_light_temp_srv_readme`.
  * Removed sensor type ``BT_MESH_SENSOR_DELTA_DISABLED`` as it is removed from specification.
  * Replaced ``struct bt_mesh_model_ack_ctx`` with ``struct bt_mesh_msg_ack_ctx`` from :ref:`zephyr:bluetooth_mesh_msg`.

Matter (Project CHIP)
---------------------

* Project CHIP has been officially renamed to `Matter`_.
* Added:

  * New user guide about :ref:`ug_matter_configuring`.

* Updated:

>   * Renamed occurrences of Project CHIP to Matter.

Reviewer: Add line that references the submodule section:
```
  * Updated the Matter fork in the |NCS| to the revision mentioned in the `Matter (Project CHIP)`_ submodule section below.
```

Thread
------

* Added support for the following Thread 1.2 features:

  * Domain Unicast Addresses
  * Multicast Listener Registration
  * Backbone Router (Thread Network side only)
  * Link Metrics
  * Coordinated Sampled Listening (CSL)

>   Link Metrics and CSL are supported for nRF52 Series devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Link Metrics and CSL are supported for the nRF52 Series devices.
```

> 

Reviewer: Blank line not needed.

> * NCP sample renamed to Co-processor, with added support for RCP architecture.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* NCP sample renamed to :ref:`Co-processor <ot_coprocessor_sample>`, with added support for the :ref:`thread_architectures_designs_cp_rcp` architecture.
```

Zigbee
------

> * Added the v0.9.5 version of the `ZBOSS NCP Host`_ package that includes a simple gateway application.

Reviewer: No need to repeat `version` here.

Edge Impulse
------------

* Added the :ref:`nrf_machine_learning_app` application that integrates the Edge Impulse wrapper library with sensor sampling.
* Sample reference to a public pre-trained model.

Pelion
------

* Added the integration of Pelion Device Management library, available as one of the external submodule repositories in the |NCS|.
  For more information, see :ref:`ug_pelion`.
* Added the :ref:`pelion_client` application that showcases the usage of Pelion Device Management library.

Common Application Framework (CAF)
----------------------------------

* Migrated some of the application modules of nRF Desktop application to :ref:`lib_caf` for reuse by other applications.

Hardware flash write protection
-------------------------------

* Fixed an issue where :ref:`fprotect_readme` did not properly add protection on devices with the ACL peripheral, if multiple boot stages were using the flash write protection.

sdk-nrfxlib
-----------

See the changelog for each library in the :doc:`nrfxlib documentation <nrfxlib:README>` for additional information.

Modem library
+++++++++++++

> * Updated Modem library to version 1.2.1.

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
* Updated :ref:`nrf_modem` to version 1.2.1.
```

  See the :ref:`nrfxlib:nrf_modem_changelog` for detailed information.

> * Added a new function based GNSS API with support for new GNSS features in MFW 1.3.0.

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
* Added a new function-based GNSS API with support for new GNSS features in modem firmware v1.3.0.
```

* nrf_cc3xx_platform/nrf_cc3xx_mbedcrypto:

  * Added low-level APIs for managing and using hardware unique keys located in the KMU peripheral, or flash + K_DR, when no KMU is available.
  * Added platform APIs for ``hmac_drbg``.
  * Updated the used mbed TLS version to 2.26.0 to align with upstream TF-M.
  * For full information, see :ref:`crypto_changelog_nrf_cc3xx_platform` and :ref:`crypto_changelog_nrf_cc3xx_mbedcrypto`.

nRF IEEE 802.15.4 radio driver
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

* Added production support for nRF5340 in multiprotocol configuration (IEEE 802.15.4 and Bluetooth Peripheral Role).

MCUboot
=======

The MCUboot fork in |NCS| (``sdk-mcuboot``) contains all commits from the upstream MCUboot repository up to and including ``2fce9769b1``, plus some |NCS| specific additions.

The code for integrating MCUboot into |NCS| is located in :file:`ncs/nrf/modules/mcuboot`.

The following list summarizes the most important changes inherited from upstream MCUboot:

* Added support for indicating serial recovery through LED.
* Made the debounce delay of the serial detect pin state configurable.

> * Added support for mbed TLS ECDSA for signatures.

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
* Added support for Mbed TLS ECDSA for signatures.
```

* Added:

  * Completed the persistent storage feature, which allows Matter devices to successfully communicate with each other even after reboot.
  * Added support for OpenThread's Service Registration Protocol (SRP) to enable the discovery of Matter nodes using the DNS-SD protocol.
  * Added support for Network Commissioning Cluster, used when provisioning a Matter node.
  * Enabled Message Reliability Protocol (MRP) for the User Datagram Protocol (UDP) traffic within a Matter network.
  * Added support for Operational Credentials Cluster, used to equip a Matter node with an operational certificate.

Documentation
=============

In addition to documentation related to the changes listed above, the following documentation has been updated:

* Restructured the bootloader-related guides into a self-contained section covering bootloader architecture, firmware updates, and user guides.

   * Added the following user guides:

      * :ref:`ug_bootloader_adding`
      * :ref:`ug_bootloader_testing`
      * :ref:`ug_bootloader_external_flash`
      * :ref:`ug_bootloader_config`
      * :ref:`ug_fw_update`

>    * :ref:`app_bootloaders` - Bootloader and firmware update guide header page

Reviewer: Add blank line before this line.

* Edge Impulse Machine Learning has been further integrated with an Application example available for Thingy:52.
* Added complete support for Thread 1.2 mandatory features for routers and end devices supported for development for the nRF52 family.
* Integrated more complete support for Matter (Project CHIP) which is supported for development for nRF52840 and nRF5340.
* Integrated Apple HomeKit ADK v5.3 and added development support for nRF52832 and nRF52833 for Bluetooth LE HomeKit accessories.
* Zigbee Network Co-Processor (NCP) design is now supported for production for nRF52833 and nRF52840.
* The application layer part of ZBOSS Zigbee stack is available in source code now.
* New sample :ref:`modem_shell_application` can be used to test various connectivity features.

Release tag
***********

The release tag for the |NCS| manifest repository (|ncs_repo|) is **v1.6.0**.
Check the :file:`west.yml` file for the corresponding tags in the project repositories.

To use this release, check out the tag in the manifest repository and run ``west update``.
See :ref:`cloning_the_repositories` for more information.

Supported modem firmware
************************

> This version of the |NCS| has been tested with the following modem firmware for cellular IoT applications:

Reviewer 7: We agreed we will remove the MFW from release notes but instead point to the compatibility matrix instead addd a link here

* Restructured the bootloader-related guides into a self-contained section covering bootloader architecture, firmware updates, and user guides.

   * Added the following bootloader user guides:

      * :ref:`ug_bootloader_adding`
      * :ref:`ug_bootloader_testing`
      * :ref:`ug_bootloader_external_flash`
      * :ref:`ug_bootloader_config`
      * :ref:`ug_fw_update`

   * :ref:`app_bootloaders` - Bootloader and firmware update guide header page.
   * :ref:`bootloader` - Refactored to include more information about implemented features.
   * :ref:`ug_bootloader` - Updated architecture information for clarifying first- and second-stage bootloader design.
   * "Immutable bootloader" references have been changed to "|NSIB|".

* :ref:`ug_multi_image` - Added more information regarding child image usage, configuration options, and image-specific variables.
* :ref:`partition_manager` - Added section about partition reports.
* :ref:`ug_tfm` - Added references to new crypto samples that utilize TF-M and information about the TF-M minimal build.

> * :ref:``ug_thread` - The following sections were added or changed considerably:

Reviewer: Double tick after `:ref:`: ``

   * :ref:`thread_ot_device_types`
   * :ref:`ug_thread_configuring_basic_building`
   * :ref:`ug_thread_tools`

* :ref:`ug_zigbee` - The following sections were added or changed considerably:

>    * :ref:`ug_zigbee_architectures`

Reviewer: This section barely changed, and this mention can be removed.

>    * :ref:`zigbee_memory`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * :ref:`zigbee_memory` - Updated the memory values for the latest release.
```

>    * :ref:`ug_zigbee_other_ecosystems`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * :ref:`ug_zigbee_other_ecosystems` - New page.
```

>    * :ref:`ug_zigbee_tools`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * :ref:`ug_zigbee_tools` - Updated with new content and structure.
```

* Documentation updates in HomeKit and Find My private repositories.

Applications and samples
------------------------

* nRF9160:

   * :ref:`asset_tracker` - Added sections on using nRF Cloud A-GPS or P-GPS, and on using nRF Cloud FOTA.
   * :ref:`asset_tracker_v2` - Added a table showing cloud services and the corresponding cloud-side instances.
   * :ref:`serial_lte_modem` - Added links to AT command reference guides.

>    * :ref: `agps_sample` - Added a section on using nRF Cloud A-GPS or P-GPS.

Reviewer: Space after :ref:

    * Removed provisioning using :ref:`modem_key_mgmt` and :file:`certificates.h`, because this is not the recommended way of provisioning private certificates.
    * Renamed the following Kconfig options:

      * ``CONFIG_CLOUD_CERT_SEC_TAG`` renamed to :option:`CONFIG_CERT_SEC_TAG`.
      * ``CONFIG_USE_CLOUD_CLIENT_ID`` renamed to :option:`CONFIG_USE_CUSTOM_CLIENT_ID`.
      * ``CONFIG_CLOUD_CLIENT_ID`` renamed to ``CONFIG_CLIENT_ID``.
      * ``CONFIG_NRF_CLOUD_CLIENT_ID_PREFIX`` renamed to ``CONFIG_CLIENT_ID_PREFIX``.

  * :ref:`lib_aws_fota` library:

    * Updated internal state handling and fault tolerance.

  * :ref:`sms_readme` library:

    * Updated to enable sending of SMS and decoding of received SMS payload.

  * :ref:`liblwm2m_carrier_readme` library:

    * Updated to v0.20.1.
      See :ref:`liblwm2m_carrier_changelog` for details.

nRF5
====

Bluetooth LE
------------

* Added:

  * Support for serialization of the :ref:`zephyr:bt_gap` and the :ref:`zephyr:bluetooth_connection_mgmt` API.
  * :ref:`ble_rpc_host` sample that enables support for serialization of the :ref:`zephyr:bt_gap` and the :ref:`zephyr:bluetooth_connection_mgmt`.

>   * Samples demonstrating the Direction Finding feature (available for the nRF52833 DK):

Author: @pdunaj  adding this as discussed, please verify

Reviewer 10: I am ok, @ppryga any else to be added?

Reviewer 11: ```suggestion
* Samples demonstrating the direction finding feature in connectionless mode (available for the nRF52833 DK):
```
@mia-ko has checked BT core spec and the direction finding feature isn't written there with capitals. Also I suggest to state it explicitly that there is support for direction finding based on periodic advertising (connectionless), to avoid confusion for customers. Besides that I'm ok with it.

Author: done, thanks

    * :ref:`direction_finding_connectionless_rx`
    * :ref:`direction_finding_connectionless_tx`

* Updated:

  * :ref:`shell_bt_nus` sample - Fixed an issue where shell transport did not display the initial shell prompt ``uart:~$`` on the remote terminal.

Bluetooth mesh
--------------

* Added:

  * Support for vendor-specific mesh model :ref:`bt_mesh_silvair_enocean_srv_readme`.
  * A new API function ``bt_mesh_rpl_pending_store`` to manually store pending RPL entries in the persistent storage without waiting for the timeout.
  * A ``bt_mesh_scene_entry::recall_complete`` callback that is called for each model that has a scene entry when recalling a scene data is done.

* Updated:

>   * Updated the :ref:`bt_mesh_light_xyl_srv_readme` to publish its state values that were loaded from flash after powering up.

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
  * Updated the :ref:`bt_mesh_light_xyl_srv_readme` model to publish its state values that were loaded from flash after powering up.
```

  * Replaced the linked list of scene entries in the model contexts, with a lookup in ROM-allocated scene entries.
  * Updated so the transition pointer can be NULL, if no transition time parameters are provided in APIs.
  * Renamed Kconfig option ``CONFIG_BT_MESH_LIGHT_CTRL_STORE_TIMEOUT`` to :option:`CONFIG_BT_MESH_MODEL_SRV_STORE_TIMEOUT`, and default value is set to 0.

>   * Updated the :ref:`bt_mesh_light_ctrl_srv_readme` with a timer, allowing it to resume operation after a certain delay.

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
  * Updated the :ref:`bt_mesh_light_ctrl_srv_readme` model with a timer, allowing it to resume operation after a certain delay.
```

* Updated:

  * Reworked the :ref:`NCP sample <zigbee_ncp_sample>` to work with the simple gateway application.
  * Moved the `NCP Host documentation`_ from the `ZBOSS NCP Host`_ package to the same location as the `external ZBOSS development guide and API documentation`_.

nRF Desktop
-----------

* Fixed issues with boot reports on the USB backend.
* Adapted the application to use common modules from the :ref:`lib_caf` library.
* Fixed minor bugs.

Common
======

The following changes are relevant for all device families.

Trusted Firmware-M
------------------

* Added support for hardware-accelerated cryptography in TF-M using the Nordic Security module (nrf_security).
  When enabled (default), any calls to psa_crypto APIs will utilize the CryptoCell hardware on nRF9160 and nRF5340.
* Added support for using hardware unique keys (HUKs) for key derivation (``TFM_CRYPTO_ALG_HUK_DERIVATION``).
  TF-M automatically generates and stores random hardware unique keys (if not present), using the :ref:`lib_hw_unique_key` library.
* TFM_MINIMAL: Added a size-optimized configuration of TF-M which provides a minimal set of features:

>   * This configuration requires 32 kB of flash and provides random number generation, SHA-256, and the platform memory read service, which is analogous to the feature set of :ref:`secure_partition_manager`.

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
  * This configuration requires 32 KB of flash and provides random number generation, SHA-256, and the platform memory read service, which is analogous to the feature set of :ref:`secure_partition_manager`.
```

The following list summarizes the most important changes inherited from the upstream Matter:

* Added:

  * Completed the persistent storage feature, which allows Matter devices to successfully communicate with each other even after reboot.
  * Added support for OpenThread's Service Registration Protocol (SRP) to enable the discovery of Matter nodes using the DNS-SD protocol.
  * Added support for Network Commissioning Cluster, used when provisioning a Matter node.
  * Enabled Message Reliability Protocol (MRP) for the User Datagram Protocol (UDP) traffic within a Matter network.
  * Added support for Operational Credentials Cluster, used to equip a Matter node with an operational certificate.

Documentation
=============

In addition to documentation related to the changes listed above, the following documentation has been updated:

* Added a new documentation set for :doc:`nrfx <nrfx:index>` - a standalone set of drivers for peripherals.
* Project CHIP has been renamed to Matter in all occurrences throughout the documentation.
* :ref:`glossary` - Added a new, comprehensive glossary that explains many of the terms used when working with the |NCS|.

> * :ref:`doc_build` - Added a new section on dealing with warnings during doc builds.

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
* :ref:`doc_build` - Added a new section on dealing with warnings during documentation builds.
```

* :ref:`partition_manager` - Added section about partition reports.
* :ref:`ug_tfm` - Added references to new crypto samples that utilize TF-M and information about the TF-M minimal build.
* :ref:`ug_thread` - The following sections were added or changed considerably:

   * :ref:`thread_ot_device_types`
   * :ref:`ug_thread_configuring_basic_building`
   * :ref:`ug_thread_tools`

* :ref:`ug_zigbee`:

   * :ref:`zigbee_memory` - Updated the memory values for the latest release.
   * :ref:`ug_zigbee_other_ecosystems` - New page.
   * :ref:`ug_zigbee_tools` - Updated with new content and structure.

* Documentation updates in HomeKit and Find My private repositories.

Applications and samples
------------------------

* nRF9160:

   * :ref:`asset_tracker` - Added sections on using nRF Cloud A-GPS or P-GPS, and on using nRF Cloud FOTA.
   * :ref:`asset_tracker_v2` - Added a table showing cloud services and the corresponding cloud-side instances.
   * :ref:`serial_lte_modem` - Added links to AT command reference guides.
   * :ref:`agps_sample` - Added a section on using nRF Cloud A-GPS or P-GPS.

>    * :ref:`aws_fota_sample` - Changes in the Sample configuration section.

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
   * :ref:`aws_fota_sample` - Changes in the sample configuration section.
```

   * :ref:`coap_client_sample` - Added information on Device Firmware Upgrade extension and its testing procedure.

* Zigbee

   * Added links to ZBOSS API documentation in :ref:`zigbee_light_bulb_sample`, :ref:`zigbee_network_coordinator_sample`, and :ref:`zigbee_light_switch_sample` samples.
   * :ref:`zigbee_ncp_sample` - Updated the nRF5 SDK Bootloader section.

Libraries and drivers
---------------------

* :ref:`bt_mesh` - This overview now points to specifications for general Bluetooth Mesh information.
* :ref:`caf_overview` - Added a major description of the library with extensive sections describing all of its aspects.
* :ref:`lte_lc_readme` - Added multiple new sections in this library documentation.
* :ref:`mpsl_assert` - New library documentation.
* :ref:`lib_nrf_cloud` - Added sections on Configuration options for device ID and on Firmware over-the-air (FOTA) updates.

nrfxlib
-------

* :ref:`nrf_802154` - Full documentation of the radio driver is now available as part of nrfxlib and replaces the previous nRF 802.15.4 Service Layer documentation.
* :ref:`nrf_security_readme` - Added section on Building with TF-M.
* Added :ref:`zboss_certification`.

> Known issues
> ************
> 
> See `known issues for nRF Connect SDK v1.6.0`_ for the list of issues valid for this release.

Reviewer 12: Propose: move known issues above "change log"

```suggestion
Known issues
************

See `known issues for nRF Connect SDK v1.6.0`_ for the list of issues valid for this release.

Important known issues
----------------------------
These known issues are potential regressions or high impact issues.
SoftDevice Controller DRGN-15852 and DRGN-15852: Affecting scanning on the nRF53 Series.
HomeKit KRKNWK-10611: DFU will fail when using external flash memory for update image storage.
```

Author: This is done now.

  * Fixed an issue where temperature and range should be within a valid default range for the :ref:`bt_mesh_light_temp_srv_readme`.
  * Removed sensor type ``BT_MESH_SENSOR_DELTA_DISABLED`` as it is removed from specification.
  * Replaced ``struct bt_mesh_model_ack_ctx`` with ``struct bt_mesh_msg_ack_ctx`` from :ref:`zephyr:bluetooth_mesh_msg`.

Matter (Project CHIP)
---------------------

* Project CHIP has been officially renamed to `Matter`_.
* Added:

  * New user guide about :ref:`ug_matter_configuring`.

* Updated:

  * Renamed occurrences of Project CHIP to Matter.
  * Updated the Matter fork in the |NCS| to the revision mentioned in the Matter (Project CHIP) submodule section below.

Thread
------

* Added support for the following Thread 1.2 features:

  * Domain Unicast Addresses
  * Multicast Listener Registration
  * Backbone Router (Thread Network side only)
  * Link Metrics
  * Coordinated Sampled Listening (CSL)

  Link Metrics and CSL are supported for the nRF52 Series devices.
* NCP sample renamed to :ref:`Co-processor <ot_coprocessor_sample>`, with added support for the :ref:`thread_architectures_designs_cp_rcp` architecture.

Zigbee
------

> In this release, Zigbee is supported for development and should not be used for production.

Author: @gkafel please confirm this is correct

Reviewer 13: PMT wanted indication what is the Zigbee release which could be used for production (namely: NCS 1.5.1)

Author: it can be found in the next line

* The application layer part of ZBOSS Zigbee stack is available in source code now.
* New sample :ref:`modem_shell_application` can be used to test various connectivity features.

Release tag
***********

The release tag for the |NCS| manifest repository (|ncs_repo|) is **v1.6.0**.
Check the :file:`west.yml` file for the corresponding tags in the project repositories.

To use this release, check out the tag in the manifest repository and run ``west update``.
See :ref:`cloning_the_repositories` for more information.

Supported modem firmware
************************

See `Modem firmware compatibility matrix`_ for an overview of which modem firmware versions have been tested with this version of |NCS|.

Use the latest version of the nRF Programmer app of `nRF Connect for Desktop`_ to update the modem firmware.
See `Updating the nRF9160 DK cellular modem`_ for instructions.

Known issues
************

See `known issues for nRF Connect SDK v1.6.0`_ for the list of issues valid for this release.

Important known issues
======================

These known issues are potential regressions or high impact issues:

> * :ref:`SoftDevice Controller DRGN-15852 and DRGN-15852 <drgn_15852>`: Affects scanning on the nRF53 Series.

Reviewer 6: It says *DRGN-15852 and DRGN-15852*, which is the same issue number (and root cause). Let's remove the duplicate:

```suggestion
* :ref:`SoftDevice Controller DRGN-15852 <drgn_15852>`: Affects scanning on the nRF53 Series.
```

Author: fixed

  The derivation labels are generated by combining the client ID of the requesting service and the UID of the resource.
* The TF-M protected storage on nRF9160 is now configured to use AES CCM to perform authenticated encryption and decryption.
* You can now run PSA tests (psa-arch-tests) and TF-M regression tests in the |NCS|.
  The tests can be found as samples in :file:`zephyr/samples/tfm_integration`.

Crypto
------

* :ref:`crypto_samples`:

  * Added samples showcasing the usage of the Platform Security Architecture (PSA) Crypto APIs.
    The samples perform various cryptographic operations such as encryption/decryption using symmetric and asymmetric ciphers, key exchange, hashing, and random number generation.
    Both TF-M enabled targets and secure-only targets are supported.

* :ref:`lib_hw_unique_key` library:

  * New library for managing and using hardware unique keys (HUKs), building on the APIs in nrf_cc3xx_platform.
    HUKs are secret keys that are kept hidden from the application code, but which can be used by the application for deriving keys for other purposes, such as encrypting data for storing.

Edge Impulse
------------

> * Added the :ref:`nrf_machine_learning_app` application that integrates the Edge Impulse wrapper library with sensor sampling.
> * Sample reference to a public pre-trained model.

Reviewer: I was sure I commented on this line, but looks like I haven't:
```suggestion
Added the :ref:`nrf_machine_learning_app` application that integrates the Edge Impulse wrapper library and the Edge Impulse data forwarder with sensor sampling.
```
Discussed and approved with @MarekPieta

Author: Sorry @greg-fer  @MarekPieta  but it's too late for this change to go in
